docs: add hint for healthcheck.start_interval (#12643)
immich-app/immich: docs/docs/install/docker-compose.mdx

See the previous paragraph about installing from the official docker repository.
:::

> :::info Healthcheck start_interval
> If you get an error `can't set healthcheck.start_interval as feature require Docker Engine v25 or later`, it helps to comment out the line for `start_interval` in the PostgreSQL section of the `docker-compose.yml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Health check start interval
If you get an error `can't set healthcheck.start_interval as feature require Docker Engine v25 or later`, it helps to comment out the line for `start_interval` in the `database` section of the `docker-compose.yml` file.
```
